Misc doc updates (#175)
confidential-containers/confidentialcontainers.org: content/en/docs/attestation/installation/docker.md

docker compose --env-file debug.env up
```

### Advanced Setup

Docker Compose mounts Trustee configuration files from the Trustee repository itself.
Specifically, the KBS configuration file is located in `kbs/config/docker-compose/kbs-config.toml`,
the Attestation Service configuration is in `/kbs/config/as-config.json`,
and the RVPS configuration is in `/kbs/config/rvps.json`.

These configuration files are read at Trustee startup. If you edit them, restart Trustee (`docker compose restart`).
The configuration options are described [here](https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/kbs/docs/config.md) and [here](https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/attestation-service/docs/config.md).

#### Advanced Settings

Some advanced settings that you may want to enable include:
* **HTTPS** HTTPS can be enabled via the KBS configuration file. HTTPS provides an additional level of security on top of the KBS protocol and should be enabled in production environments.

> * **Slim Attestation Token** Guests with many devices can create large attestation tokens. In some cases this will outgrow HTTP header limits. When attesting guests with many devices (such as NVIDIA PPCIE), set `verbose_token` to false in the AS config file.

Reviewer: Remind me what the consequence of false is? Are fields discarded, moved outside the header, ..?

Author: Less stuff goes into the attestation token. Currently this just means that the original hw evidence is left out of the token. We could potentially apply this to other fields as well, but the hw evidence is the most significant piece today.

```bash
docker compose down
```

> ### Advanced Setup

Reviewer 2: Would it make more sense to have this above the uninstall section?

Docker Compose mounts Trustee configuration files from the Trustee repository itself.
Specifically, the KBS configuration file is located in `kbs/config/docker-compose/kbs-config.toml`,

> the AS configuration is in `/kbs/config/as-config.json`, and `rvps.json`.

Reviewer 2: maybe worth spelling out AS to make sure folks know what you are referring to.

> These configuration files are read at Trustee startup. If you edit them, restart Trustee.

Reviewer 2: how do i restart trustee?

> Various configuration options are described [here](https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/kbs/docs/config.md) and [here](https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/attestation-service/docs/config.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details on the available configuration options, refer to the [KBS Configuration File](https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/kbs/docs/config.md) and the [AS Configuration File](https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/attestation-service/docs/config.md) documentation.
```

Author: These aren't the config files themselves. They are the markdown docs describing the config.

#### Advanced Settings

Some advanced settings that you may want to enable include:
* **HTTPS** HTTPS can be enabled via the KBS configuration file. HTTPS provides an additional level of security on top of the KBS protocol and should be enabled in production environments.

> * **Slim Attestation Token** Guests with many devices can create large attestation tokens. In some cases this will outgrow HTTP header limits.When attesting guests with many devices (such as NVIDIA PPCIE), set `verbose_token` to false in the AS config file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Slim Attestation Token** Guests with many devices can create large attestation tokens. In some cases this will outgrow HTTP header limits. When attesting guests with many devices (such as NVIDIA PPCIE), set `verbose_token` to false in the AS config file.
```
